data/TWiki/WorkflowPlugin.txt 0640 Plugin doc page
data/TWiki/VarWORKFLOW.txt 0640 Variable doc page
data/Sandbox/ApprovalViewTemplate.txt 0640 Template for DefectTwo style
data/Sandbox/ApprovedForm.txt 0640 Forms for approval workflow
data/Sandbox/CompletedForm.txt 0640 Forms for defect workflow
data/Sandbox/ControlledDocument.txt 0640 Example document
data/Sandbox/DefectOne.txt 0640 Example defect
data/Sandbox/DefectTwo.txt 0640 Example defect
data/Sandbox/DefectWorkflow.txt 0640 Example workflow
data/Sandbox/DocumentApprovalWorkflow.txt 0640 Example workflow
data/Sandbox/InitialForm.txt 0640 Forms for defect workflow
data/Sandbox/InProcessForm.txt 0640 In process form
data/Sandbox/QMApprovalForm.txt 0640 Forms for approval workflow
data/Sandbox/SubmittedForm.txt 0640 Forms for defect workflow
data/Sandbox/TMApprovalForm.txt 0640 Forms for approval workflow
data/Sandbox/UnderRevisionForm.txt 0640 Forms for defect workflow
lib/TWiki/Plugins/WorkflowPlugin.pm 0640 Plugin Perl module
lib/TWiki/Plugins/WorkflowPlugin/ControlledTopic.pm 0640 Plugin Perl modul
lib/TWiki/Plugins/WorkflowPlugin/Workflow.pm 0640 Plugin Perl modul
pub/TWiki/WorkflowPlugin/Flow.gif 0640 Example image
pub/TWiki/WorkflowPlugin/Flow.draw 0640 Example image
pub/TWiki/WorkflowPlugin/convert.pl.txt 0640 Conversion script
templates/mailworkflowtransition.tmpl 0640 Template file
templates/oopswfplease.tmpl 0640 Template file
templates/workflowedit.tmpl 0640 Template file
